"Learn as if you will live forever, live like you will die tomorrow.” — Mahatma Gandhi

“Stay away from those people who try to disparage your ambitions. Small minds will always do that, but great minds will give you a feeling that you can become great too.” — Mark Twain

“When you give joy to other people, you get more joy in return. You should give a good thought to happiness that you can give out.”— Eleanor Roosevelt

“When you change your thoughts, remember to also change your world.”—Norman Vincent Peale

“It is only when we take chances, when our lives improve. The initial and the most difficult risk that we need to take is to become honest. —Walter Anderson

"Success is not final; failure is not fatal: It is the courage to continue that counts." — Winston S. Churchill

"The road to success and the road to failure are almost exactly the same." — Colin R. Davis

“Develop success from failures. Discouragement and failure are two of the surest stepping stones to success.” —Dale Carnegie

“There are three ways to ultimate success: The first way is to be kind. The second way is to be kind. The third way is to be kind.” —Mister Rogers

“I never dreamed about success. I worked for it.” —Estée Lauder

“Success is getting what you want, happiness is wanting what you get.” ―W. P. Kinsella

“The pessimist sees difficulty in every opportunity. The optimist sees opportunity in every difficulty." — Winston Churchill

“If you are working on something that you really care about, you don’t have to be pushed. The vision pulls you.” — Steve Jobs

“Experience is a hard teacher because she gives the test first, the lesson afterwards.” ―Vernon Sanders Law

“Either you run the day or the day runs you.” — Jim Rohn

“When we strive to become better than we are, everything around us becomes better too.” — Paulo Coelho

“Setting goals is the first step in turning the invisible into the visible.” — Tony Robbins

“Think like a queen. A queen is not afraid to fail. Failure is another stepping stone to greatness.” — Oprah Winfrey

“The successful man will profit from his mistakes and try again in a different way.” – Dale Carnegie

“A successful man is one who can lay a firm foundation with the bricks others have thrown at him.” – David Brinkley

“Education is the most powerful weapon which you can use to change the world.” — Nelson Mandela

“The most difficult thing is the decision to act, the rest is merely tenacity.” —Amelia Earhart

“You’ll find that education is just about the only thing lying around loose in this world, and it’s about the only thing a fellow can have as much of as he’s willing to haul away.” —John Graham

“The elevator to success is out of order. You’ll have to use the stairs, one step at a time.” — Joe Girard

“People often say that motivation doesn’t last. Well, neither does bathing – that’s why we recommend it daily.” — Zig Ziglar

“Talent wins games, but teamwork and intelligence win championships.” — Michael Jordan

“Coming together is a beginning. Keeping together is progress. Working together is success.” — Henry Ford

“I invite everyone to choose forgiveness rather than division, teamwork over personal ambition.” — Jean-Francois Cope

“Just one small positive thought in the morning can change your whole day.” — Dalai Lama

“Opportunities don't happen, you create them.” — Chris Grosser

“Don't let someone else's opinion of you become your reality” — Les Brown

“He is a wise man who does not grieve for the things which he has not, but rejoices for those which he has.” – Epictetus

“I have stood on a mountain of no’s for one yes.” —Barbara Elaine Smith

“Someone's sitting in the shade today because someone planted a tree a long time ago.” —Warren Buffet

"Set your goals high, and don’t stop till you get there.” —Bo Jackson

“The only way of discovering the limits of the possible is to venture a little way past them into the impossible.” ―Arthur C. Clarke

“Hustle beats talent when talent doesn’t hustle” – Ross Simmonds